Replace docgen, add 'task gen' to invoke (#5934)
TykTechnologies/tyk: apidef/oas/schema/x-tyk-gateway.md

# XTykAPIGateway

> XTykAPIGateway contains custom Tyk API extensions for the OAS definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XTykAPIGateway contains custom Tyk API extensions for the OpenAPI definition.
```

(only suggesting this because OpenAPI Specification Definition seems a bit unwieldy, but can be left as-is if you prefer)

**Field: `middleware` ([Middleware](#middleware))**
Middleware contains the configurations related to the proxy middleware.

# Info

Info contains the main metadata about the API definition.

**Field: `id` (`string`)**

> ID is the unique ID of the API.

Author: ID* is capitalized, rest ok

**Field: `test` ([Test](#test))**
Test contains the configuration related to uptime tests.

**Field: `mutualTLS` ([MutualTLS](#mutualtls))**
MutualTLS contains the configuration for establishment of mutual TLS between Tyk and the upstream server.

**Field: `certificatePinning` ([CertificatePinning](#certificatepinning))**
CertificatePinning contains the configuration related to certificate pinning.

# Server

Server contains the configuration that sets Tyk up to receive requests from the client applications.

**Field: `listenPath` ([ListenPath](#listenpath))**
ListenPath is the base path on Tyk to which requests for this API should
be sent. Tyk listens for any requests coming into the host at this
path, on the port that Tyk is configured to run on, and processes these
accordingly.

**Field: `slug` (`string`)**
Slug is the Tyk Cloud equivalent of listen path.

Tyk classic API definition: `slug`.

**Field: `authentication` ([Authentication](#authentication))**
Authentication contains the configurations that manage how clients can authenticate with Tyk to access the API.

**Field: `clientCertificates` ([ClientCertificates](#clientcertificates))**

> ClientCertificates contains the configurations related to establishing static mutual TLS beetween the client and Tyk.

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
ClientCertificates contains the configurations related to establishing static mutual TLS between the client and Tyk.
```

**Field: `gatewayTags` ([GatewayTags](#gatewaytags))**

> GatewayTags contains segment tags to configure which GWs your APIs connect to.

Reviewer: I'd prefer (for consistency) to avoid the GW abbreviation here so could we please instead have:

```suggestion
GatewayTags contains segment tags to indicate which Gateways your upstream service is connected to (and hence where to deploy the API).
```

**Field: `versioning` ([Versioning](#versioning))**
Versioning holds configuration for API versioning.

# Upstream

Upstream holds configuration for an upstream server.

**Field: `url` (`string`)**
URL defines the target URL that the request should be proxied to.

Tyk classic API definition: `proxy.target_url`.

**Field: `serviceDiscovery` ([ServiceDiscovery](#servicediscovery))**
ServiceDiscovery contains the configuration related to Service Discovery.

Tyk classic API definition: `proxy.service_discovery`.

> **Field: `test` ([Test](#test))**

Author: Yes, it is pre-existing. Subject to future work on platform.

> **Field: `test` ([Test](#test))**

Reviewer: OK, let's leave as-is

Test contains the configuration related to uptime tests.

**Field: `mutualTLS` ([MutualTLS](#mutualtls))**
MutualTLS contains the configuration related to upstream mutual TLS.

**Field: `certificatePinning` ([CertificatePinning](#certificatepinning))**

> CertificatePinning contains the configuration related to certificate pinning.

Author: Not exactly accurate, keeping this unresolved.

> CertificatePinning contains the configuration related to certificate pinning.

Reviewer: OK, sure - let's leave it for now

# Server

Server contains the configuration related to the OAS API definition.

**Field: `listenPath` ([ListenPath](#listenpath))**
ListenPath represents the path to listen on. Any requests coming into the host, on the port that Tyk is configured to run on,
that match this path will have the rules defined in the API definition applied.

**Field: `slug` (`string`)**
Slug is the Tyk Cloud equivalent of listen path.

Tyk classic API definition: `slug`.

**Field: `authentication` ([Authentication](#authentication))**
Authentication contains the configurations related to authentication to the API.

**Field: `clientCertificates` ([ClientCertificates](#clientcertificates))**
ClientCertificates contains the configurations related to static mTLS.

**Field: `gatewayTags` ([GatewayTags](#gatewaytags))**
GatewayTags contains segment tags to configure which GWs your APIs connect to.

**Field: `customDomain` ([Domain](#domain))**

> CustomDomain is the domain to bind this API to.

Author: Slightly extended with context, resolving

   "createdIndex": 6
 }
}
```

then your namespace would be `node.value`.

> 

Author: No, but it's generated so it may be harder to tweak. It doesn't impact rendered markdown output, so i'm choosing to ignore it :)

   "createdIndex": 6
 }
}
```

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.use_nested_query`.

**Field: `parentDataPath` (`string`)**

> ParentDataPath is the namespace of the where to find the nested

Author: There is no concept/rule on line length. Markdown renders this text as a single paragraph. Individual source code keeps to a line length around 100 characters, but is not enforced.

> ParentDataPath is the namespace of the where to find the nested

Reviewer: OK, thanks - I just wondered why some lines appear to have been split.

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.cache_timeout`.

**Field: `cache` ([ServiceDiscoveryCache](#servicediscoverycache))**
Cache holds cache related flags.

Tyk classic API definition:.
- `service_discovery.cache_disabled`
- `service_discovery.cache_timeout`

**Field: `targetPath` (`string`)**
TargetPath is to set a target path to append to the discovered endpoint, since many SD services
only provide host and port data. It is important to be able to target a specific resource on that host.
Setting this value will enable that.

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.target_path`.

**Field: `endpointReturnsList` (`boolean`)**
EndpointReturnsList is set `true` when the response type is a list instead of an object.

Tyk classic API definition: `service_discovery.endpoint_returns_list`.

# Test

Test holds the test configuration for service discovery.

**Field: `serviceDiscovery` ([ServiceDiscovery](#servicediscovery))**
ServiceDiscovery contains the configuration related to test Service Discovery.

Tyk classic API definition: `proxy.service_discovery`.

# MutualTLS

> MutualTLS holds configuration related to mTLS on APIs, domain to certificate mappings.

Author: One is the object that holds the configuration, and the other is the field of that object type. Both include a comment due to the scopes (definition scope and usage scope).

> MutualTLS holds configuration related to mTLS on APIs, domain to certificate mappings.

Author: adjusted comments on both

**Field: `domainToPublicKeysMapping` ([PinnedPublicKeys](#pinnedpublickeys))**
DomainToPublicKeysMapping maintains the mapping of domain to pinned public keys.

Tyk classic API definition: `pinned_public_keys`.

# ListenPath

ListenPath represents the path the server should listen on.

**Field: `value` (`string`)**
Value is the value of the listen path e.g. `/api/` or `/` or `/httpbin/`.

Tyk classic API definition: `proxy.listen_path`.

**Field: `strip` (`boolean`)**
Strip removes the inbound listen path in the outgoing request. e.g. `http://acme.com/httpbin/get` where `httpbin`
is the listen path. The `httpbin` listen path which is used to identify the API loaded in Tyk is removed,
and the outbound request would be `http://httpbin.org/get`.

Tyk classic API definition: `proxy.strip_listen_path`.

# Authentication

Authentication types contains configuration about the authentication methods and security policies applied to requests.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled makes the API protected when one of the authentication modes is enabled.

Tyk classic API definition: `!use_keyless`.

**Field: `stripAuthorizationData` (`boolean`)**

> StripAuthorizationData ensures that any security tokens used for accessing APIs are stripped and not leaked to the upstream.

Reviewer: I think having the word "leaked" here makes it sound like this should be default:true.

Perhaps...
```suggestion
StripAuthorizationData ensures that any security tokens used for accessing APIs are stripped and not passed to the upstream.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `strip_auth_data`.

**Field: `baseIdentityProvider` (`apidef.AuthTypeEnum`)**

> BaseIdentityProvider enables multi authentication mechanism and provides the session object that determines rate limits, ACL rules and quotas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BaseIdentityProvider enables the use of multiple authentication mechanisms. It provides the session object that determines access control, rate limits and usage quotas.
```

**Field: `hmac` ([HMAC](#hmac))**
HMAC contains the configurations related to HMAC authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["hmac"]`.

**Field: `oidc` ([OIDC](#oidc))**
OIDC contains the configurations related to OIDC authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["oidc"]`.

**Field: `custom` ([CustomPluginAuthentication](#custompluginauthentication))**
Custom contains the configurations related to Custom authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `auth_configs["coprocess"]`.

**Field: `securitySchemes` ([SecuritySchemes](#securityschemes))**
SecuritySchemes contains security schemes definitions.

# ClientCertificates

> ClientCertificates holds a list of client certificates which are allowed to make requests against the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClientCertificates contains the configurations related to establishing static mutual TLS beetween the client and Tyk.
```

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables static mTLS for the API.

**Field: `allowlist` (`[]string`)**
Allowlist is the list of client certificates which are allowed.

# GatewayTags

GatewayTags holds a list of segment tags that should apply for a gateway.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables use of segment tags.

**Field: `tags` (`[]string`)**
Tags is a list of segment tags

# Domain

Domain holds the configuration of the domain name the server should listen on.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled allow/disallow the usage of the domain.

**Field: `name` (`string`)**
Name is the name of the domain.

# DetailedActivityLogs

DetailedActivityLogs holds the configuration related to recording detailed analytics.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables/disables detailed activity logs.

Tyk classic API definition: `enable_detailed_recording`.

# Global

> Global holds configuration applies globally: CORS and caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global contains configuration that affects the whole API (all endpoints).
```

**Field: `pluginConfig` ([PluginConfig](#pluginconfig))**

> PluginConfig contains the configuration related custom plugin bundles/driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PluginConfig contains the common configuration for custom plugins.
```

**Field: `cors` ([CORS](#cors))**

> CORS contains the configuration related to cross origin resource sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CORS contains the configuration related to Cross Origin Resource Sharing.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `CORS`.

**Field: `prePlugin` ([PrePlugin](#preplugin))**

> PrePlugin contains configuration related to custom pre-authentication plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PrePlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that is run before authentication.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.pre`.

**Field: `postAuthenticationPlugin` ([PostAuthenticationPlugin](#postauthenticationplugin))**

> PostAuthenticationPlugin contains configuration related to custom post authentication plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostAuthenticationPlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that is run immediately after authentication.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.post_key_auth`.

**Field: `postPlugin` ([PostPlugin](#postplugin))**

> PostPlugin contains configuration related to custom post plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostPlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that is run immediately prior to proxying the request to the upstream.
```

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.post`.

**Field: `responsePlugin` ([ResponsePlugin](#responseplugin))**

> ResponsePlugin contains configuration related to custom post plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ResponsePlugin contains configuration related to to the custom plugin that is run during processing of the response from the upstream service.
```

Author: This isn't accurate, reworded as:

> ResponsePlugin contains configuration related to the custom plugin that generates a response.

Author: I was wrong here, as per https://tyk.io/docs/plugins/plugin-types/response-plugins/, reverted to your version.

Tyk classic API definition: `openid_options.segregate_by_client`.

**Field: `providers` (`[]`[Provider](#provider))**
Providers contains a list of authorised providers and their Client IDs, and matched policies.

Tyk classic API definition: `openid_options.providers`.

**Field: `scopes` ([Scopes](#scopes))**
Scopes contains the defined scope claims.

# CustomPluginAuthentication

CustomPluginAuthentication holds configuration for custom plugins.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables the CustomPluginAuthentication authentication mode.

Tyk classic API definition: `enable_coprocess_auth`/`use_go_plugin_auth`.

**Field: `config` ([AuthenticationPlugin](#authenticationplugin))**
Config contains configuration related to custom authentication plugin.

Tyk classic API definition: `custom_middleware.auth_check`.

# SecuritySchemes

SecuritySchemes holds security scheme values, filled with Import().

Type defined as `map[string]interface{}`, see [map[string]interface{}](map[string]interface{}) definition.

# PluginConfig

PluginConfig holds configuration for custom plugins.

**Field: `driver` (`apidef.MiddlewareDriver`)**
Driver configures which custom plugin to be used.

> It's value should be set to one of the following:

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
Its value should be set to one of the following:
```

CacheResponseCodes is an array of response codes which are safe to cache e.g. `404`.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.cache_response_codes`.

**Field: `cacheByHeaders` (`[]string`)**
CacheByHeaders allows header values to be used as part of the cache key.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.cache_by_headers`.

**Field: `enableUpstreamCacheControl` (`boolean`)**
EnableUpstreamCacheControl instructs Tyk Cache to respect upstream cache control headers.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.enable_upstream_cache_control`.

**Field: `controlTTLHeaderName` (`string`)**
ControlTTLHeaderName is the response header which tells Tyk how long it is safe to cache the response for.

Tyk classic API definition: `cache_options.cache_control_ttl_header`.

# TransformHeaders

TransformHeaders holds configuration about request/response header transformations.

**Field: `enabled` (`boolean`)**
Enabled enables Header Transform for the given path and method.

**Field: `remove` (`[]string`)**
Remove specifies header names to be removed from the request/response.

**Field: `add` (`[]`[Header](#header))**
Add specifies headers to be added to the request/response.

> # TransformHeaders

Reviewer: Is this section a duplicate of lines 776-787?
